Page
=====

This is a page


Pride and Prejudice
-----

It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession
of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.

However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his
first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds
of the surrounding families, that he is considered the rightful property
of some one or other of their daughters.

"My dear Mr. Bennet," said his lady to him one day, "have you heard that
Netherfield Park is let at last?"

Mr. Bennet replied that he had not.

"But it is," returned she; "for Mrs. Long has just been here, and she
told me all about it."

Mr. Bennet made no answer.

"Do you not want to know who has taken it?" cried his wife impatiently.

"_You_ want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it."

This was invitation enough.

"Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs. Long says that Netherfield is taken
by a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came
down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much
delighted with it, that he agreed with Mr. Morris immediately; that he
is to take possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to
be in the house by the end of next week."

"What is his name?"

"Bingley."

"Is he married or single?"

"Oh! Single, my dear, to be sure! A single man of large fortune; four or
five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!"

"How so? How can it affect them?"

"My dear Mr. Bennet," replied his wife, "how can you be so tiresome! You
must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them."

"Is that his design in settling here?"

"Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that he
_may_ fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as
soon as he comes."

"I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send
them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you are
as handsome as any of them, Mr. Bingley may like you the best of the
party."

"My dear, you flatter me. I certainly _have_ had my share of beauty, but
I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has five
grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty."

"In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of."

"But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Bingley when he comes into
the neighbourhood."

"It is more than I engage for, I assure you."

"But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would
be for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined to
go, merely on that account, for in general, you know, they visit no
newcomers. Indeed you must go, for it will be impossible for _us_ to
visit him if you do not."

"You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr. Bingley will be very
glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my
hearty consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls; though
I must throw in a good word for my little Lizzy."

"I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than the
others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half so
good-humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving _her_ the preference."

"They have none of them much to recommend them," replied he; "they are
all silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something more of
quickness than her sisters."

"Mr. Bennet, how _can_ you abuse your own children in such a way? You
take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves."

"You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They
are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration
these last twenty years at least."

"Ah, you do not know what I suffer."

"But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four
thousand a year come into the neighbourhood."

"It will be no use to us, if twenty such should come, since you will not
visit them."

"Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty, I will visit them
all."

Mr. Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour,
reserve, and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty years had
been insufficient to make his wife understand his character. _Her_ mind
was less difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding,
little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented,
she fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her
daughters married; its solace was visiting and news.



三國演義
-------

滾滾長江東逝水,浪花淘盡英雄。是非成敗轉頭空：青山依舊在,幾度夕陽紅。白髮漁樵江渚上,慣看秋月春風。一壺濁酒喜相逢：古今多少事,都付笑談中。

話說天下大勢．分久必合，合久必分：周末七國分爭，并入於秦。及秦滅之後，楚、漢分爭，又并入於漢。漢朝自高祖斬白蛇而起義，一統天下。後來光武中興，傳至獻帝，遂分為三國。推其致亂之由，殆始於桓、靈二帝。桓帝禁錮善類，崇信宦官。及桓帝崩，靈帝即位，大將軍竇武、太傅陳蕃，共相輔佐。時有宦官曹節等弄權，竇武、陳蕃謀誅之，作事不密，反為所害。中涓自此愈橫。

建寧二年四月望日，帝御溫德殿。方陞座，殿角狂風驟起，只見一條大青蛇，從梁上飛將下來，蟠於椅上。帝驚倒，左右急救入宮，百官俱奔避。須臾，蛇不見了。忽然大雷大雨，加以冰雹，落到半夜方止，壞卻房屋無數。建寧四年二月，洛陽地震；又海水泛溢，沿海居民，盡被大浪捲入海中。光和元年，雌雞化雄。六月朔，黑氣十餘丈，飛入溫德殿中。秋七月，有虹見於玉堂；五原山岸，盡皆崩裂。種種不祥，非止一端。

帝下詔問群臣以災異之由，議郎蔡邕上疏，以為蜺墮雞化，乃婦寺干政之所致，言頗切直。帝覽奏歎息，因起更衣。曹節在後竊視，悉宣告左右‧遂以他事陷邕於罪，放歸田里。後張讓，趙忠，封諝，段珪，曹節，候覽，蹇碩，程曠，夏惲，郭勝十人朋比為奸，號為「十常侍」。帝尊信張讓，呼為「阿父」，朝政日非，以致天下人心思亂，盜賊蜂起。


吾輩は猫である
------------

吾輩わがはいは猫である。名前はまだ無い。

どこで生れたかとんと見当けんとうがつかぬ。何でも薄暗いじめじめした所でニャーニャー泣いていた事だけは記憶している。吾輩はここで始めて人間というものを見た。しかもあとで聞くとそれは書生という人間中で一番獰悪どうあくな種族であったそうだ。この書生というのは時々我々を捕つかまえて煮にて食うという話である。しかしその当時は何という考もなかったから別段恐しいとも思わなかった。ただ彼の掌てのひらに載せられてスーと持ち上げられた時何だかフワフワした感じがあったばかりである。掌の上で少し落ちついて書生の顔を見たのがいわゆる人間というものの見始みはじめであろう。この時妙なものだと思った感じが今でも残っている。第一毛をもって装飾されべきはずの顔がつるつるしてまるで薬缶やかんだ。その後ご猫にもだいぶ逢あったがこんな片輪かたわには一度も出会でくわした事がない。のみならず顔の真中があまりに突起している。そうしてその穴の中から時々ぷうぷうと煙けむりを吹く。どうも咽むせぽくて実に弱った。これが人間の飲む煙草たばこというものである事はようやくこの頃知った。

この書生の掌の裏うちでしばらくはよい心持に坐っておったが、しばらくすると非常な速力で運転し始めた。書生が動くのか自分だけが動くのか分らないが無暗むやみに眼が廻る。胸が悪くなる。到底とうてい助からないと思っていると、どさりと音がして眼から火が出た。それまでは記憶しているがあとは何の事やらいくら考え出そうとしても分らない。

ふと気が付いて見ると書生はいない。たくさんおった兄弟が一疋ぴきも見えぬ。肝心かんじんの母親さえ姿を隠してしまった。その上今いままでの所とは違って無暗むやみに明るい。眼を明いていられぬくらいだ。はてな何でも容子ようすがおかしいと、のそのそ這はい出して見ると非常に痛い。吾輩は藁わらの上から急に笹原の中へ棄てられたのである。

Fibonacci number
----------------

```
long long int fibb(int n) {
	int fnow = 0, fnext = 1, tempf;
	while(--n>0){
		tempf = fnow + fnext;
		fnow = fnext;
		fnext = tempf;
		}
		return fnow;	
}
```

Seeya!

